Online Examination Module

There will be two sections: MCQ and Programming.

Must-Have:
    For MCQ:
      For Admin / Examiner:
          Should be able to create students profile with basic student data
          The admin should be able to enter questions in the text area.
          There will be three categories of questions: Logical, Technical, and Programming.
          Each question will have 4 answer options
          The admin can enter text for each option.
          The admin will enter the Answer (correct option).
          The admin should be able to create a new exam by selecting the number of questions from each category
          Should be able to view summaries and detailed results of all exams completed so far (with filters).
          The admin should be able to set passing criteria and identify students who have passed each exam.
      For Examinees:
          Will select one answer from the available options.
          Should be able to change the answer as long as the exam hasn't been submitted.
          Should be able to navigate back and forth through the questions.
          The test will be auto-submitted when the set time for the test expires.
          Prevent the copy-paste of questions and answers.

    Separate section for programming question:
      Admin can enter programming question and answers
      Admin can select number of programming question for each exam
      Each program will have a difficulty level
      Rest all same as MCQ

Nice-to-Have:
    Admin should be able to add difficulty level to each question
    Admin should be able to design test based on difficulty level and category
    Admin should be able to add images in the question and answer boxes
    Detect network disconnections and pause the exam on network issues. To resume the exam, the user has to re-enter credentials. The exam status should remain the same. (Idea is to waste users time here)
    Each logins should be logged
    The above criteria are also true in the case where the user accidentally closes the browser. Provide a warning before closing the browser.
    The exam must be started and completed on the same computer (detect the IP address and MAC address).
    Changing or minimizing the browser tab will pause the exam (Disable ctrl, shift, tab, alt and windows key).
    Take periodic screenshots of the screen and pictures of user during the exam.
    Display answered and unanswered questions to the user and make it easy to navigate to a specific question.
